Output:
--------------------------------------------------
0: Madam, do pardon the interruption but I must ask you to removeth thine spatula from betwixt my buttocks. 
That's right folks; me with a stilettar! And ye see he has his arms extended in front of him ready and willing tsay?

 
1: Madam, do pardon the interruption but I must ask you to removeth thine spatula from betwixt my buttocks.
I am deeply sorry for any offence that may have been caused to any of yonder members in this room and sincerely 
wish all possible reconciliation amongst us.
I did not expect much out terms after such a long convo between two people - and one wonders why Im acting so angry...
Anyhow; leave it be as I know what sort/degree tkme i offended none-the less

  
2: Madam, do pardon the interruption but I must ask you to removeth thine spatula from betwixt my buttocks. You could have 
left me a long time ago if it had been possible  for either of us not even knowledg'd i was in pain or had begun writinng 
out during that period and if only she knew what lay before her he would undoubtedly still be alive today  no? Am sure one 
can only imagine how much better things would turn out w'ho had stood up FOR HIMSSAGE AND SAID IT!!Now anon, as to your 
last point, though I am in a state where 'criticism is like poison', there is something distinctly MASSIVE about YOUR REPLY! 
In response yo most gracious surrender this evening its so unfair tbh, you are always complaining and critiquing at every 
juncture because thats what i need right now!! And yet here ye go telling me to stop complaining about everything when you 
clearly cant figure why yer being such hella rude and inconsiderate b**** who doesnt care ta woohoo!!! WTH!!!!  
Im sorry for coming on to you with all these expletives just lmao But seriously, YOU ARE THE OPPOSITE OF A CRIMINAL?! 
Why does any man submit himself fo dialogue while I sit here complaining ALMOST THROUGH MY BODY!? 
Do men really think that they should treat others with respect nd patience and politesse when their actions indicate anger 
issues rn which you so obviously can never attain due ot emotional sensitivity? It goes without saying tha rap idk maybe 
im jus trying too hard???? Cant we all agree some situations require more tact & politeness whereas other situational scenarios dont??


3: Madam, do pardon the interruption but I must ask you to removeth thine spatula from betwixt my buttocks.I think we're both better left alone with it, thank you."


4: Madam, do pardon the interruption but I must ask you to removeth thine spatula from betwixt my buttocks.
That was not easy for me either and so there are some things that happen in a marriage which may cause a woman 
who is experiencing emotional  turmoil or anger (partially caused by her mother's  actions) towards its spouse-to start clenching certain muscles of hers! 
As soon as this happens our lady gets an intense urge every once again trying squeeze herself between us even if shes quite small -and we must 
stress it hard because small women can be very tiny indeed...Now Im just left with feeling like crap, worthless....isnt life supposed ti try harder?
