Output:
--------------------------------------------------
0: What does it mean to have a heart? I was wondering if this is something that people with cptsd can also feel.


1: What does it mean to have a heart? Why are we born with a hole in the middle of our chest, and an opening at either side? Shouldn't the rest of us be able open up that damn big time?!


2: What does it mean to have a heart? | Philosophers debate ]()I've realized that this is the answer I need.  
To understand my heart, I must first appreciate what makes me feel like an "us".  There's nothing inherently wrong with how we're wired; 
as much of the best advice out there touts healthy habits and rational decision-making skills (good luck trying against me with those), 
the real kicker lies in our ability not only think rationally but also emotionally.When you experience intense emotions--like grief for 
someone close dying or pain at home loss among other things---your brain goes into survival mode unless your gut somehow tells u something bad is about come!
Your sympathetic nervous system responds by releasing endorphins which helps us remember fond memories. In short: when a loved one dies suddenly/gains a serious illness /loss 
all touchwith reality thats familiar feelings make us connect more strongly than emotional connections do from trauma bonding and growing up without some 
form *of* social supportFrom Wikipedia:"Grief refers both generally [to sudden unexpected losses]and specifically occurs following overt traumatic events such...
traumatic incidents involving physical injury"That means losing family members, friends who don't know you well nor care whether they are around anymore so take care if you can.
(Bad shit happens and people need help getting back on their feet.)In addition since the sympathetic response isn&#x200B;"strongly associated mainly w psychological distress....
it may explain why...people often express greater sadness during episodes of high stress than during other periods."So basically what we gotta do next is figure eveything related tf out. 
We learned in DBT theory lesson 2b focus groups where parents were told about their childrens actual fates and then the kids themselves asked them about theirs because 
mental imagery was used repeatedly throughout treatment sessions.[Another side note - If ppl still want too talk bout specific death stuff i suggest you research 
Robert Sapolsky book Death in the Family.](This post is just extremely long & detailed ngl, however, some bs points stood true for most part)


3: What does it mean to have a heart? I struggle with this myself.My entire life, up until now has been plagued by problems of having too much or not enough in my chest/heart 
and being unable -or rather wanting-to die on purpose at times when there was no one else around for me so that would end things, even if were about the most ideal scenarios possible 
(planned / accidental).If I do have these episodes they usually last hours but I know very well that once inside, I'm going nowhere fast because I can't stop what's happening inside of them 
(itself mostly).I am feeling good today though, which is rare for such long periods especially considering how terrible I was yesterday and how scared i really felt.. 
BUT I also feel like things are only getting worse as time passes... At least that part makes sense! :eek2:Any advice from people who deal specifically woth physical health issues??Thanks


4: What does it mean to have a heart?  A mind that is capable of self-awareness, imagination and love.I don't want my children watching me struggle with this; 
I'm so unhappy but I don0t think they'll understand why or what has caused all the problems in their lives..
